young man,
Come back.
Open the door obediently. I want red clothes.
Uncle, you are really persistent.
Otherwise, it’s not about my dad.
I like your clothing. OK,
Uncle, just keep this money.
I can't use it either, so just treat it as a gift from me.
Now, do you dare to say that you won’t need it in the future?
It's not like I'm out to play cards. OK.
What did you say before? You guys have already done something on the ground and can't escape.
You see, you are not ready yet. After drinking, you will be ready to do the same.
Old man, you know about our marriage.
Just because anyone has mentioned Miss Xianxi’s voice
Several threads all talk about your wedding appearance.
My dad will be able to do it when the time comes.
I ask you to rest assured
you don't have to worry
Miss Xianxi for those of us
dedicated belief
Won't scare you
The former villain of Taiyangzi is getting married this time
I don’t really believe it
Otherwise tomorrow
Go there early to keep yourself busy
Come this time